Update the DefineXXXExpression functions in the python scripting chapter. (#17447)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/python_scripting/functions.rst

    The expression definition as a string.

return type : CLI_return_t
    The DefineArrayExpression function returns 1 on success and 0 on failure.

**Description:**

    DefineArrayExpression creates new array variables.

>     Array variables are a collection of scalar variables that are grouped together.

Reviewer: Must the member variables of an array variable be only *scalar* variables? I mean, can they be vector variables or material variables?

Author: Only scalar variables are supported. I added an explicit statement to that effect.

>     Currently there are no plots that take array variables, but they can be used in queries, such as the "XRay Image" query or used as a pick variable that creates a Histogram plot of the array variable for a specific zone.

Reviewer: Label plot takes an array variable.

Also, do array variables require all components to have same centering? I think so. If true, might be worth a remark here about that and link to [expression compatablity gotchas](https://visit-sphinx-github-user-manual.readthedocs.io/en/develop/using_visit/Quantitative/Expressions.html#expression-compatibility-gotchas)

Author: Yes, they have to have the same centering. I added a sentence to that effect. I'm not sure I want to link to the gotchas, since that is relevant to all expressions and I already link to two sections of the expression grammar section in the standard boiler plate for all the DefineXXXExpression functions. If you think I should add it to all of them let me know and I'll make it so.

Author: Added a link to the expression compatibility gotchas to each section of DefineXXXExpression functions where appropriate.

    The variableName argument is a string that contains the name of the new variable.
    You can pass the name of an existing expression if you want to provide a new expression definition.

>     The expression argument is a string that contains the definition of the new variable in terms of `built-in expressions <../using_visit/Quantitative/Expressions.html#built-in-expressions>`_ and pre-existing variable names using VisIt_'s `expression grammar <../using_visit/Quantitative/Expressions.html#expression-grammar>`_.

Reviewer: If you wanna do the link to expression grammar section this way, I don't think you should be using `.html` extension. And, believe you can abbreviate this to...

```
`Expression grammar`_
```

Just beware that the resulting link will break if the section name is changed. One good reason for using `:ref:<...>` (which comes with the added burden of defining the labels/anchors) is link-checking and warning logic that you get during `sphinx-build`.

Author: Changed them all to :ref:.

**Example:**

::

  #% visit -cli
  OpenDatabase("/usr/gapps/visit/data/curv3d.silo")
  DefineScalarExpression("d1", 'recenter(d, "zonal")')
  DefineScalarExpression("p1", 'recenter(p, "zonal")')

>   DefineArrayExpression("da", "array_compose(d1, d1)")

Reviewer: Its a little confusing why we're constructing array expressions by simply duplicating the same scalar members.

Author: Added a comment in the code that we are duplicating the variable and that it isn't a great example.

**Description:**

    DefineArrayExpression creates new array variables.
    Array variables are a collection of scalar variables that are grouped together.
    All the variables must have the same centering and only scalar variables are supported, for example, no vector, tensor or material variables.
    Array variables are used in the Label plot.

    The variableName argument is a string that contains the name of the new variable.
    You can pass the name of an existing expression if you want to provide a new expression definition.
    The expression argument is a string that contains the definition of the new variable in terms of :ref:`built-in expressions <Built-in_expressions>` and pre-existing variable names using VisIt_'s :ref:`expression grammar <Expression_grammar>`.
    If you run into problems defining your expression you might want to read the section on :ref:`expression compatibility gotchas <Expression_Compatibility_Gotchas>`.

**Example:**

::

  #% visit -cli
  OpenDatabase("/usr/gapps/visit/data/curv3d.silo")
  DefineScalarExpression("d1", 'recenter(d, "zonal")')
  DefineScalarExpression("p1", 'recenter(p, "zonal")')

>   # Define an 2 array variables from 2 scalars. In both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Define 2 array variables, each from 2 scalars. Here, we
  # reuse the same scalars twice for illustrative purposes
  # only. Normally, the scalars are different.
```

Reviewer: Proposed above as a tad clearer and then elim 1538-1540 (which I can't easily do in a simle *suggestion* like this. Yet another reason that where possible (I know its not appropriate in this context), sentence per line is a little friendlier to dev tools.

    The expression definition as a string.

return type : CLI_return_t
    The DefineCurveExpression function returns 1 on success and 0 on failure.

**Description:**

    DefineCurveExpression creates new curve variables.
    Curve variables are a collection of X - Y coordinates that form a curve.
    Curve variables are used in the Curve, Parallel Coordinates, Scatter and Spreadsheet plots.

    The variableName argument is a string that contains the name of the new variable.
    You can pass the name of an existing expression if you want to provide a new expression definition.
    The expression argument is a string that contains the definition of the new variable in terms of `built-in expressions <../using_visit/Quantitative/Expressions.html#built-in-expressions>`_ and pre-existing variable names using VisIt_'s `expression grammar <../using_visit/Quantitative/Expressions.html#expression-grammar>`_.

**Example:**

::

  #% visit -cli
  OpenDatabase("/usr/gapps/visit/data/lines.curve")

>   DefineCurveExpression("myvar", "2 * curve1")

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand this curve expression but it seems like its a scalar multiple of an *existing* curve expression. How does one construct a curve expression from an x variable and a y variable?

Author: It multiplies the y values by 2. I added a comment to that effect. I don't know that we have a way to create a curve from an x and y variable.

    The expression definition as a string.

return type : CLI_return_t
    The DefineMaterialExpression function returns 1 on success and 0 on failure.

**Description:**

>     DefineMaterialExpression creates new material variables.

Reviewer: I am not sure of the merit of documenting a function that doesn't actually do anything. Shouldn't we just remove this from the CLI?

Author: I started a discussion on this. Perhaps we should provide a way to create a material variable.

    The expression definition as a string.

return type : CLI_return_t

>     The DefineMeshExpression function returns 1 on success and 0 on failure.

Reviewer: Same remarks as for material expressions...not sure we should document it.

Author: I started a discussion on this. Perhaps we should provide a way to create a mesh variable.

    The expression definition as a string.

return type : CLI_return_t

>     The DefineSpeciesExpression function returns 1 on success and 0 on failure.

Reviewer: Same remark as for material expressions

Author: I started a discussion on this. Perhaps we should provide a way to create a species variable.

    The expression definition as a string.

return type : CLI_return_t
    The DefineTensorExpression function returns 1 on success and 0 on failure.

**Description:**

    DefineTensorExpression creates new tensor variables.
    Tensor variables define a tensor field over a mesh and are used by the Tensor plot.

> 

Reviewer: There is probably additional detail needed here whe constructing symmetric tensor expressions (as per ordering of terms...its a question users will have) and when constructing from 3 vector variables as opposed to 9 scalars and 2D (4 components) vs 3D (9 components)

    The expression definition as a string.

return type : CLI_return_t

>     The DefineVectorExpression function returns 1 on success and 0 on failure.

Reviewer: There is probably some additional detail needed here regarding 2D vs 3D vector construction.
